OSDOCS-4346: Adds notes for 4.9.50 release' (#51842)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-9-release-notes.adoc

==== Updating

To update an existing {product-title} 4.9 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc[Updating a cluster using the CLI] for instructions.

[id="ocp-4-9-50"]
=== RHSA-2022:6905 - {product-title} 4.9.50 bug fix and security update

Issued: 2022-10-19

{product-title} release 4.9.50, which includes security updates, is now available. The bug fixes that are included in the update are listed in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2022:6905[RHSA-2022:6905] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:6903[RHBA-2022:6903] advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.9.50 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-9-50-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, in {product-title} 4.8, a change to the HAProxy configuration template caused the `accept-proxy` option not to set on all bind lines when the configuration has more than one bind. This resulted in proxy protocol to be enabled with IPv6 and not IPv4. With this update, the HAProxy configuration template is updated to set `accept-proxy` on every bind line when proxy protocol is configured. Now, {product-title} {product-version} enables proxy protocol for IPv6 and IPv4 on dual-stack clusters with proxy protocol configured. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1624[*OCPBUGS-1624*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, in {product-title} 4.8, a change to the HAProxy configuration template caused the `accept-proxy` option not to set on all bind lines when the configuration has more than one bind. This resulted in dual-stack cluster with proxy protocol to be enabled for IPv6 and not IPv4. With this update, the HAProxy configuration template is set to `accept-proxy` on every bind line when proxy protocol is configured. Now, {product-title} enables proxy protocol for IPv6 and IPv4 on dual-stack clusters with proxy protocol configured. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1338[*OCPBUGS-1338*])
```

> * Previously, the logic in the Ingress Operator did not validate if a kubernetes service object in the `openshift-ingress` namespace was created by the Ingress Controller. Consequently, the Ingress Operator would modify or remove kubernetes services with the same name and namespace regardless of ownership. With this update, the Ingress Operator now checks the ownership of existing kubernetes services. If ownership does not match, the Ingress Operator displays an error message and does not modify or remove kubernetes services with the same name that in the `openshift-ingress` namespace.  (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1620[*OCPBUGS-1620*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the Ingress Operator did not validate if a kubernetes service object in the `openshift-ingress` namespace was created by the Ingress Controller. Consequently, the Ingress Operator would modify or remove kubernetes services with the same name and namespace. With this update, the Ingress Operator displays an error message and does not modify or remove kubernetes services with the same name in the `openshift-ingress` namespace.  (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1624[*OCPBUGS-1624*])
```

> * Previously, the `openshift-router` process dismissed the `SIGTERM` shutdown signal at runtime. Consequently, the container would ignore a kubernetes shutdown request resulting in the container taking approximately one hour to shut down. With this update, the `SIGTERM` handler in GO code is propagated to the cache initialization function, and the router now responds to `SIGTERM` signals during initialization. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1338[*OCPBUGS-1338*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `openshift-router` process dismissed the `SIGTERM` shutdown signal at runtime. Consequently, the container would ignore a kubernetes shutdown request resulting in the container taking approximately one hour to shut down. With this update, the `SIGTERM` handler in GO code is propagated to the cache initialization function, and the router now responds to `SIGTERM` signals during initialization. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1620[*OCPBUGS-1620*])
```
